Libraries:

Java Parser: 

Java Parser is simple and lightweight and can give AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) for java code.

Features:

•	Parsing Java Code

•	Analyze Java Code

•	Transform Java Code

•	Generate Java Code

AST (Abstract Syntax Tree):

Java Parser generates Abstract Syntax Tree(AST) which is an intermediate code for each java file from the java source code. AST is a structure represents the java code in a way that is made easy to process and generate the UML diagrams.
For Parsing the java code into usable grammar or intermediate code. I have used the Java Parser Library

Link: https://github.com/javaparser/javaparser

Tools Used:

UML Class Diagram Generator:

yUML - Free Online UML Diagram creator which easily helps to create and share simple UML diagrams online, this tool can also help to draw class, activity and use case diagrams

•	Feature Used:

Embed UML diagrams in web pages, wikis, forum blogs and elsewhere.

•	Version Used:

yUML beta!

yUML beta is used to generate the UML Class diagram from the parsed code/intermediate code returned by the Java Parser. I have generated a Scruffy class diagram using the below link.
Link: https://yuml.me/diagram/scruffy/class/draw.

The UML Parser program does a GET query to the URL https://yuml.me/diagram/scruffy/class/  and gets the class diagram. Thus, an Internet connection is mandatory for the UML Parser to generate the Class Diagram.

Languages Used:

•	Java


Extra-Credit – Sequence Diagram

Extended your UML Parser to perform dynamic analysis of the Java Source code to generate a UML Sequence Diagram.  The UML Sequence Diagram must be generated by executing the Java Source Code. The Test Code will be executed from a Static Main class method in a Main.java class. 
Note: a sample Java Program for testing Sequence Diagram Generation is here:  https://github.com/paulnguyen/cmpe202/tree/master/umlparser/uml-sequence-test (Links to an external site.)Links to an external site.

AspectJ:

Used AspectJ to perform dynamic analysis of the java source code to generate a UML Sequence diagram. AspectJ Program will parse the Java source code and generates the grammar (intermediate code) for PlantUML to generate the UML Sequence Diagram.

PlantUML:

PlantUML is an open source tool used to generate UML Diagrams, I have used PlantUML to generate Sequence diagram.

Project Tracking:

WaffleIO:

Is a free project management tool that enables the users to manage and monitor their project tasks.  This will automatically move the issue to the Done column on your Waffle board. WaffleIO and Kanban helps to visualize the workflow and bottlenecks of the project.
Registered for a free account in https://waffle.io/. The content of the waffleboard is to plan, track the progress of the tasks, the number of cards completed and to limit the work in-progress cards. 

Execution Steps through command prompt

Compile Instructions

Requirements:

Working internet connection (only for class diagram)
The program expects following arguments:

1.)Keyword:
One word string.
“class” for generating class diagram. 

2.)Path:
String, may contain spaces, must be enclosed in double quotes.
Full path of the folder which contains all the .java source files(Test Cases Folder). The program picks only the .java files and ignores other files.
Ex - "C:\Users\tneth\Desktop\umlparser\test-3"

3.)Name of output file
One word string
File name of the output png file. The file will be created at the same folder as Path given in second argument.
Do not include extension along with the file name, the program will generate a PNG file.
Ex – ClassDiag

Command Line:
java -jar Parser.jar class "C:\Users\tneth\Desktop\umlparser\test-4" ClassDiag


Sequence Diagram

1.)Keyword
One word string.
"seq" for generating sequence diagram.


p.s : Test Case is already included in the source code and  also not necessary to mention png name.
Command Line:
java -jar Sequence.jar seq


